The paper is crumpled
No matter how poor you are now
How to exercise
He can't go back to where he was
You didn't care in the first place
Don't pay attention to him
Now we know who he is.
Kidnap him with affection
How can there be such a cheap thing in this world?
We are also your biological granddaughters.
You can't be so patriarchal.
Give him all your assets
Who called me an old man just now?
Who said mom died at the birthday party?
Is Aunt Liu your mother?
You have denied our kinship
Why should I recommend myself?
What about your two granddaughters?
That's because I just didn't know who you were.
If I knew
I have so identified myself to you
But you don't want to believe
The road is for you to die
Don't blame me for not giving you a way out
Jiangjiang is my life's work
I can't watch him fall apart